Rework client content listeners (#8981)
eclipse/jetty.project: documentation/jetty-documentation/src/main/asciidoc/programming-guide/client/http/client-http-api.adoc

Finally, let's look at the advanced usage of the response content handling.

The response content is provided by the `HttpClient` implementation to application listeners following the read/demand model of `org.eclipse.jetty.io.Content.Source`.

The listener that follows this model is `Response.ContentSourceListener`.

After the response headers have been processed by the `HttpClient` implementation, `Response.ContentSourceListener.onContentSource(response, contentSource)` is invoked once and only once.
This allows the application to control precisely the read/demand loop: when to read a chunk, how to process it and when to demand the next one.

> You must provide a `org.eclipse.jetty.io.Content.Source` read/demand implementation that reads a `Content.Chunk` from the provided `Content.Source`; if the read chunk is `null`, `Content.Source.demand(Runnable)` should be called so that the demand callback is called back when more chunks are available; if the chunk is an instance of `Content.Chunk.Error` then the error should be processed; otherwise the chunk should be processed by consuming and then releasing the chunk's `ByteBuffer`; and finally either trying to read another chunk, or demanding for another chunk (unless the current chunk is the last).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide a `ContentSourceListener` whose implementation reads a `Content.Chunk` from the provided `Content.Source`; if the read chunk is `null`, `Content.Source.demand(Runnable)` should be called so that the demand callback is called back when more chunks are available; if the chunk is an instance of `Content.Chunk.Error` then the error should be processed; otherwise the chunk should be processed by consuming and then releasing the chunk; and finally either trying to read another chunk, or demanding for another chunk (unless the current chunk is the last).
```

IMPORTANT: Calling `Content.Chunk.release()` must be done only after the bytes in the `ByteBuffer` returned by `Content.Chunk.getByteBuffer()` have been consumed.

> When the `Content.Chunk` is released, the `HttpClient` implementation may reuse the `buffer` and overwrite the bytes with different bytes; if the application looks at the `buffer` _after_ having released the `Content.Chunk` is may see other, unrelated, bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `Content.Chunk` is released, the `HttpClient` implementation may reuse the `ByteBuffer` and overwrite the bytes with different bytes; if the application looks at the `ByteBuffer` _after_ having released the `Content.Chunk` is may see other, unrelated, bytes.
```

// TODO: add example code snippet

The invocation of `onContentSource(Request, Content.Source)` and of the demand callback passed to `contentSource.demand(Runnable)` are serialized with respect to asynchronous events such as timeouts or an asynchronous call to `Request.abort(Throwable)`.
This means that these asynchronous events are not processed until the invocation of `onContentSource(Request, Content.Source)` returns, or until the invocation of the demand callback returns.

Demanding for content and consuming the content are orthogonal activities.

> An application can read, store aside the `Content.Chunk` objects without releasing them (to consume them later), and demand for more chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application can read, store aside the `Content.Chunk` objects without releasing them (to consume them later), and demand for more chunks, but it must call `Chunk.retain()` on the stored chunks, and arrange to release them after they have been consumed later.
```

If not done carefully, this may lead to excessive memory consumption, since the ``buffer``s are not consumed.
Releasing the `Content.Chunk`s will result in the ``buffer``s to be disposed/recycled and may be performed at any time.

> An application can also read one chunk of content, consume it (by releasing it) and then _not_ demand for more content until a later time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application can also read one chunk of content, consume it, release it, and then _not_ demand for more content until a later time.
```

> Subclass `Response.AsyncContentListener` overrides the behavior of `Response.ContentSourceListener`; when an application implements `onContent(response, chunk, demander)`, it can control the disposing/recycling the `buffer` by releasing the `chunk` _and_ it can control when to demand one more chunk of content by calling `demander.run()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclass `Response.AsyncContentListener` overrides the behavior of `Response.ContentSourceListener`; when an application implements `AsyncContentListener.onContent(response, chunk, demander)`, it can control the disposing/recycling of the `ByteBuffer` by releasing the chunk _and_ it can control when to demand one more chunk by calling `demander.run()`.
```

Finally, let's look at the advanced usage of the response content handling.

The response content is provided by the `HttpClient` implementation to application listeners following the read/demand model of `org.eclipse.jetty.io.Content.Source`.

The listener that follows this model is `Response.ContentSourceListener`.

After the response headers have been processed by the `HttpClient` implementation, `Response.ContentSourceListener.onContentSource(response, contentSource)` is invoked once and only once.

> This allows the application to control precisely the read/demand loop: when to read a chunk, how to handle it and when to demand the next one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the application to control precisely the read/demand loop: when to read a chunk, how to process it and when to demand the next one.
```

> A `org.eclipse.jetty.io.Content.Source` read/demand implementation akin to the idiomatic one must be provided: reading a `Content.Chunk` from the `contentSource`, demanding the next one if it is null, reporting if it is an error, processing its `buffer` then releasing it, and finally demanding the next one again if it is not terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide a `org.eclipse.jetty.io.Content.Source` read/demand implementation that reads a `Content.Chunk` from the provided `Content.Source`; if the read chunk is `null`, `Content.Source.demand(Runnable)` should be called so that the demand callback is called back when more chunks are available; if the chunk is an instance of `Content.Chunk.Error` then the error should be processed; otherwise the chunk should be processed by consuming and then releasing the chunk's `ByteBuffer`; and finally either trying to read another chunk, or demanding for another chunk (unless the current chunk is the last).
```

> IMPORTANT: releasing the `Content.Chunk` must be done only after the bytes in the `buffer` returned by `getByteBuffer()` have been consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Calling `Content.Chunk.release()` must be done only after the bytes in the `ByteBuffer` returned by `Content.Chunk.getByteBuffer()` have been consumed.
```

When the `Content.Chunk` is released, the `HttpClient` implementation may reuse the `buffer` and overwrite the bytes with different bytes; if the application looks at the `buffer` _after_ having released the `Content.Chunk` is may see other, unrelated, bytes.

> Applications will typically read just one `Content.Chunk` via `contentSource.read()` then demand the next one via `contentSource.demand(() -> onContentSource(request, contentSource))`, but may decide to call `contentSource.read()` until it returns `null`.

Reviewer: I'd delete this paragraph, as it tries to explain in words what is probably best described with a snippet of code.
I'd leave here a // TODO: add example code snippet` instead.

Author: Done.

> The application uses the `demand` object to demand more content chunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application uses the `Content.Source.demand(Runnable)` method to demand for more content chunks.
```

> Applications will typically demand for just one more content via `demand.accept(1)`, but may decide to demand for more via `demand.accept(2)` or demand "infinitely" once via `demand.accept(Long.MAX_VALUE)`.

Reviewer: Delete this paragraph as it does not apply anymore.

Author: Done.

> Applications that call `contentSource.read()` more than once must remember that the request will not be aborted (in case of a timeout or an async call to `request.abort(Throwable)`) for as long as `onContentSource(request, contentSource)` or the callback passed to `contentSource.demand(Runnable callback)` has not returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The invocation of `onContentSource(Request, Content.Source)` and of the demand callback passed to `contentSource.demand(Runnable)` are serialized with respect to asynchronous events such as timeouts or an asynchronous call to `Request.abort(Throwable)`.
This means that these asynchronous events are not processed until the invocation of `onContentSource(Request, Content.Source)` returns, or until the invocation of the demand callback returns.
```

Demanding for content and consuming the content are orthogonal activities.

> An application can read/demand and store aside the `Content.Chunk` objects to consume them later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application can read, store aside the `Content.Chunk` objects without releasing them (to consume them later), and demand for more chunks.
```
